ZIP 233-235: Rephrase all references to "burning" (#970)
zcash/zips: zips/zip-0233.md

# Abstract

This ZIP proposes the introduction of a mechanism to voluntarily remove funds
entirely from circulation on the network. This mechanism, in combination with
ZIP 234 [^zip-0234] and ZIP 235 [^zip-0235], comprises a long-term strategy for
the sustainability of the network. We will refer to the combined effects of
these three ZIPs as the “Network Sustainability Mechanism”.

# Motivation

This mechanism seeks to address concerns about the sustainability of the network
design shared by Bitcoin-like systems:

1. **Long Term Consensus Sustainability:** By enabling the removal of funds from
   circulation, the network gains the ability to create "headroom" between the
   chain value and $\mathsf{MAX\_MONEY}$. This lays necessary groundwork for
   extending the block subsidy system, which currently has a clear final end
   date.
2. **Benefits to ZEC Holders:** Removing funds from circulation reduces the

>    supply of ZEC, benefiting network users in proportion to their holdings

Reviewer: The rephrase throws into relief the problem that existed here before:
- Point 1 advocated for reducing issued / circulating supply.
- Point 2 advocated for reducing maximum supply (which is precisely what "burning funds reduces the supply" means in other chains).

Now that we have clarity about the intention of the NSM being to reduce the circulating supply, point 2 should be similarly reworded (and any claimed benefit adjusted appropriately):
```suggestion
   circulating supply of ZEC, benefiting network users in proportion to their holdings
```

# Abstract

This ZIP proposes the introduction of a mechanism to voluntarily remove funds
entirely from circulation on the network. This mechanism, in combination with
ZIP 234 [^zip-0234] and ZIP 235 [^zip-0235], comprises a long-term strategy for
the sustainability of the network. We will refer to the combined effects of
these three ZIPs as the “Network Sustainability Mechanism”.

# Motivation

This mechanism seeks to address concerns about the sustainability of the network
design shared by Bitcoin-like systems:

1. **Long Term Consensus Sustainability:** By enabling the removal of funds from
   circulation, the network gains the ability to create "headroom" between the
   chain value and $\mathsf{MAX\_MONEY}$. This lays necessary groundwork for
   extending the block subsidy system, which currently has a clear final end
   date.

> 2. **Benefits to ZEC Holders:** Removing funds from circulation reduces the
>    circulating supply of ZEC, benefiting network users in proportion to their
>    holdings without requiring them to opt into any scheme, introducing extra
>    risk, active oversight, or accounting complexity.

Reviewer 2: It is a disputable opinion that reducing the circulating supply of ZEC benefits network users in proportion to their holdings. That opinion is not supported here (or elsewhere in the ZIP), so it should not be asserted without qualification.

Consider a whale that has a choice to either hold funds long-term, or remove them from circulation. The whale's choice has no impact by itself on the availability of ZEC to other network users, because the whale's funds were not liquid. (Here we are *not* considering the impact of potentially reintroducing those funds later &mdash; only whether the act of removing them from circulation *by itself* "benefits network users in proportion to their holdings", relative to the whale continuing to hold them indefinitely.)

```suggestion
2. **Benefits to ZEC Holders:** Removing funds from circulation reduces the
   circulating supply of ZEC. To the extent that this potentially contributes to
   an increase in the value of remaining ZEC, it can be argued to benefit network
   users in proportion to their holdings — without requiring them to opt into any
   scheme, introducing extra risk, active oversight, or accounting complexity.
```
This fixes the problem because it no longer implies that removing funds *necessarily* results in an increase in the value of ZEC.
